SS upload: add documentation and example scripts (#111)
artefactual/automation-tools: README.md

  --config-file <config_file>
```

DIP creation and upload
-----------------------

`aips/create_dip.py` and `aips/create_dips_job.py` can be used to make DIPs from
AIPs available in a Storage Service instance. Unlike DIPs created in
Archivematica, the ones created with this script will include only the original
files from the transfer and they will maintain the directories, filenames and
last modified date from those files. They will be placed with a copy of the
submissionDocumentation folder (if present in the AIP) and the AIP METS file in
a single ZIP file under the objects directory. Based on the `--mets-type`
argument, another METS file will be generated alongside the objects folder
containing only a reference to the ZIP file (without AMD or DMD sections), used
to upload the DIP to an AtoM instance; or the same AIP METS file will be placed
alongside the objects folder, used for uploads to the Storage Service.

While `aips/create_dip.py` only processes one AIP per execution,
`aips/create_dips_job.py` will process all AIPs in a given Storage Service

> location, keeping track of them in an SQLite database. The later also accepts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
location, keeping track of them in an SQLite database. The latter also accepts
```

different subsets of parameters to automatically upload the created DIPs to the

> Storage Service or to an AtoM instance. Both scripts require 7z installed and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storage Service or to an AtoM instance. Both scripts require 7z to be installed and
```

available to extract the AIPs downloaded from the Storage Service.

> As mentioned, this DIPs can be uploaded to AtoM or the Storage Service using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned, these DIPs can be uploaded to AtoM or the Storage Service using
```

`dips.storage_service_upload` and `dips.atom_upload` or as part of the
`aips/create_dips_job.py` execution.

The AtoM upload requires a passwordless SSH connection to the AtoM host for the

> user running the script and the AtoM host has to be already added to list of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user running the script. The AtoM host must be added to list of
```

known hosts. [More info][Send DIPS].

The Storage Service upload requires access to the Archivematica pipeline's

> currently processing location path (the shared path), to copy the DIP folder in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
currently processing location path (the shared path) in order to copy the DIP folder 
```

> there before sending a requests to the Storage Service to process that DIP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before sending a requests to the Storage Service to process that DIP.
```
